README.md, before:

## sbt project compiled with Scala 3

#
The project is a tower defence game implemented in Scala. The central idea is to create a fun and strategic, level-based game where waves of enemies attack advancing a predetermined path with an objective to reach a goal area. The player defends by placing upgradable towers along the way of the enemy with the objective to annihilate the enemy. The enemies, respectively, endeavor to demolish the placed towers. 
If an enemy reaches the goal area the game is lost. If enough waves of enemies are eliminated, the game is won and the player can advance to the next level.

Eliminating enemies gives the player resources (most likely gold), which the player can use either to buy new towers or to upgrade the existing ones. There will be three types of towers: basic, long range and splash damage. The program will keep track of the number of eliminated enemies, the amount of resources the player has and how many waves of enemies are left for the level.

### Find out


### Todo
 1) Loading levels from JSON
 2) Add buying and placing towers to gui
 3) Make more levels

Commit message:

Very minor fixes in game logic. Everything, except for resource and enemies killed updating works now. Revised progresslog.

README.md, after:

## sbt project compiled with Scala 3

#
The project is a tower defence game implemented in Scala. The central idea is to create a fun and strategic, level-based game where waves of enemies attack advancing a predetermined path with an objective to reach a goal area. The player defends by placing upgradable towers along the way of the enemy with the objective to annihilate the enemy. The enemies, respectively, endeavor to demolish the placed towers. 
If an enemy reaches the goal area the game is lost. If enough waves of enemies are eliminated, the game is won and the player can advance to the next level.

Eliminating enemies gives the player resources (most likely gold), which the player can use either to buy new towers or to upgrade the existing ones. There will be three types of towers: basic, long range and splash damage. The program will keep track of the number of eliminated enemies, the amount of resources the player has and how many waves of enemies are left for the level.

### Find out


### Todo
 1) Loading levels from JSON
 2) Resources and enemies killed not updating accordingly if tower not upgraded
 3) Make more levels
 4) Tower attacking animation
